Spicy hands are not a good thing
You have to save him
I won't let you get your wish
The person I want to kill
No one can save
King Anyang, you can't die
You still have someone to save
I want to save my wife's life
I will save you if you die
Anyang Ye Pingxian
Come down
Yes, yes!
He can't leave.
I had already conceded defeat
Why can't you go?
Have you forgotten the rule that you can't kill people?
If Yan Tianxian concedes defeat in the game
They go.
But the game is not over yet.
He came up
It's still against the rules of the game
You originally violated the rules first
They want me to follow the rules.
How can the world have such a reason to let go of this life